Add AKS Automatic custom virtual network quickstart samples (#490)
Azure/terraform: quickstart/101-aks-automatic-private-custom-network/readme.md

# Private Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Automatic cluster in a custom virtual network (AzureRM provider)

This template deploys a private AKS Automatic cluster into a custom virtual network, in a resource group with a random name beginning with "rg-".

The virtual network contains a subnet delegated to the cluster API server, a subnet for the user node pools, and a subnet for the managed system node pool. The cluster uses a user-assigned managed identity that's granted the Network Contributor role on the virtual network, which is required when you bring your own network. Because the cluster is private, the API server endpoint is assigned a private IP address in the virtual network instead of a public one. Reaching it requires private network connectivity to that virtual network and DNS resolution of the private FQDN, so access isn't limited to clients inside the virtual network itself: virtual network peering, a VPN gateway, or Azure ExpressRoute can all provide a path from outside it. Enabling a public FQDN changes only how the cluster is named in DNS. It doesn't make the private endpoint routable from the internet.

> The cluster is created with the AzureRM provider's [`azurerm_kubernetes_automatic_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/kubernetes_automatic_cluster) resource, which is the recommended way to declare an AKS Automatic cluster. This resource requires AzureRM provider `5.0` or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster is created with the AzureRM provider's [`azurerm_kubernetes_automatic_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/kubernetes_automatic_cluster) resource, which is the recommended way to declare an AKS Automatic cluster. This resource requires AzureRM provider `v4.81` or later.
```
